welcome to Kevin and mr. Tator review
insert title here Kevin still recovering
at the hospital so today we have very
special guests grant kirkhope composer
of such video games as banjo kazooie and
goal and i-64 thanks having me on the
show mister Tata it's a bit killing here
though don't you think
what a keyed observation grant I cranked
up the air-conditioning to set the mood
because today we're reviewing the new
Disney animated musical frozen really
you're supposed to be Olaf the lovable
snowman from the movie okay but does the
costume realtor who made a real snow I'm
freezing oh the booty LR you're supposed
to be
I'm that one care truth from the movie
that wears warm comfortable jackets
let's watch a clip see the frozen
snowman comedy in theatres secret frozen
snowman comedy in theaters semen frozen
snow
I don't quite remember that part so what
did you think of frozen mr. kirkhope
well I thought it was a lovely film the
songs are catchy the animation was
fantastic and I really enjoyed there
okay great I'll come clean I didn't
really bring me on the show today to
talk about frozen oh I brought you here
to help me solve a mystery that's been
haunting me since I was a young child
how do you get that I skied banjo
kazooie this is bollocks I'm after there
come on
grant fess up how do you get the ice key
damn it
I guess that ice key is lost forever
that was a close one
no one will ever get between us again